---
layout: post
title:  "Sirius"
date:   2019-08-22
excerpt: "It’s that gut feeling I get when I look up that reminds me of both my insignificance and significance all at once. I get goosebumps and..."
image: "/images/post4.jpeg"
---

Looking to the stars in the night sky keeps me humble. It’s that gut feeling I get when I look up that reminds me of both my insignificance and significance all at once. I get goosebumps and a rush of fear and excitement as I stare into the vast void and connect with the distant celestial bodies. I realize my significance because my body is also celestial, made of the same ingredients and components that birthed stars billions of years ago. In the same moment I realize my insignificance in being but a small part in an interstellar web of life and death, of action and occurrence, of momentum and energy.
It wasn’t until recently that I was able to clearly see Sirius and all its brilliance on display. I awoke at 3am to the brightest star I had ever seen, twinkling so violently that I though it was a plane or drone at first. Stars are never this bright back home in Louisiana, but the absence of light pollution allows them to radiate freely in the Colombian night sky. I genuinely felt Sirius’s energy and couldn’t look away, no matter how hard I tried. I stared for hours, imagining how earlier cultures depended on these stars for navigation. I wondered how these stars became intertwined in different religions and how they meant many different things to many different peoples. I began to read…
I read about how the Dogon People of Mali were the first people to truly understand Sirius. These genius west Africans realized that the bright star was not singular, but a companionship of two stars. Remarkably, they accomplished this without telescopes or other astronomical equipment. No one knows how they did it, but I definitely understand what inspired them to study and observe Sirius. I also read about how the ancient Greeks used Sirius to predict weather conditions and sickness. It was a cornerstone of many belief systems. It has also become a cornerstone of mine, along with several other constellations and stars. I have tattoos of different celestial formations as a reminder whenever I’m somewhere with a hazy night sky (most of my homeland). Since my first encounter with Sirius, I often wake up around the same time to that ever-violent twinkle. I won’t ever forget it, even after I leave Colombia. See you soon…